---
layout: post
title:  "Planet+AI PD Workshop 2024 (to be Updated)"
date: 2024-06-22
image: assets/images/dw.png
tags: [ AI, planet, projects]
---

We are currently collecting reviews and comments from all stakeholders...   
If you want to send us what you think, email: pwang27@utk.edu

<br/>
**When**: Oct 7- Oct 11, 9am-4pm with two-hour break from 11am to 1pm   
**Where**: Zoom meetings and in-person meetings on the UTK campus   
**What**: A cross-disciplinary approach by which learners, while learning coding and AI, dive into various different fields, including math- linear algebra (mainly matrix arithmetic, linear transformations), trigonometry, and geometry, Python and Python libraries, planetary explorations and planetary images, image processing, and how to use AI tools in the real world. Cross-connecting concepts in different fields will be the focus.  

<br/>
<br/>
**GLOSSARY OF TERMS**   

**digital twin**   
A digital twin is a virtual representation — a true-to-reality simulation of physics and materials — of a real-world physical asset or system, which is continuously updated.

**3D Reconstruction**   
3D Reconstruction is the task of creating a 3D model or representation of an object or scene from 2D images or other data sources. The goal of 3D reconstruction is to create a virtual representation of an object or scene that can be used for a variety of purposes, such as visualization, animation, simulation, and analysis. It can be used in fields such as computer vision, robotics, and virtual reality.

**knowledge graph**   
A knowledge graph, also known as a semantic network, represents a network of real-world entities—i.e. objects, events, situations, or concepts—and illustrates the relationship between them. This information is usually stored in a graph database and visualized as a graph structure.